Parsing of Amateur Data Interchange Format (ADIF) data using asynchronous
streams.

# Overview

[ADIF][adif] is a standard data format used by ham radio operators to
exchange information logged about past contacts.  This crate provides a
few ways to parse ADIF data in Rust on top of tokio.

[adif]: https://adif.org/

# Features

Because ADIF is a somewhat lightly specified data format, there is
some variety to the formats generated by various programs, and thus the
data reader usually needs to engage in some interpretation of the data
based on its source.

This parser is intended to be maximally flexible and provide the user
with parsed ADIF data from any source at any level with or without
preprocessing.

Input is read from a stream.  File input is not assumed.  Reading an
entire file is not assumed; it's fine to start in the middle.  Trailing
data in the form of a partial tag or record can be ignored or return an
error.  Leading text is ignored.

The code in this crate strives to be panic-free, fully safe, and
lightweight in terms of memory usage.

# Usage

The [TagStream] provides the lowest level of output:  individual ADIF
tags and their associated values.  Values are parsed and are strongly
typed, although in the absence of type specifiers (which is common),
data can be coerced to the desired type when accessed.

The [RecordStream] provides higher level output by aggregating fields
into records, each representing one contact.  Records may then be indexed
into by key.

A number of data normalizers are provided in the [filter] module that
can be stacked on top of a [RecordStream] to automatically transform
records as they are read.  They are intended to be generally useful at
smoothing some of ADIF's roughest edges, but they are not necessarily
every single transformation an application might desire.  The user can,
however, write additional normalizers to implement additional
transformations not heretofore envisioned by the author.

# Author

Sidney Cammeresi, AB9BH

